{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16300\viewh19360\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Prefab Radar Setup\ulnone \

\fs24 \
There are two types of example radar, third person style and first person style.\
\

\b Step 1:\

\b0 Create a canvas in your scene or use your canvas if your already have one and drag any of the demo radar prefabs that you want onto the canvas.\
\

\b Step 2:\

\b0 Assign a Player Controller to the \'91Player\'92 field, and a Camera to the \'91Player Camera\'92 field. In play mode the frustum of the radar will now follow the view direction of your character.\
\

\b Step 3:\

\b0 Assign the \'91Tracked Object\'92 script to any GameObject in your scene and it will appear on your radar in play mode. The marker shown on the radar is a fallback marker and can be changed to an image of your choice (see Explainers > Default Marker Image).\
\
\

\fs36 \ul Explainers
\fs24 \ulnone \
\

\fs28 Binnacle Script:\

\fs24 \
The \'93BinnacleScript.cs\'94 should be attached to a UI object, which should be parent of all radar elements. The only required child is a UI object called \'93__RadarLayer\'94 which the markers will be parented to.\
\

\b Player:
\b0  Assign a player character. The radar will use this to determine where 
\i \ul the centre of the radar
\i0 \ulnone  should be.\

\b \
Player Camera: 
\b0 Assign a player camera or the player (typically for a first person game.) The radar will use this to determine 
\i \ul which direction the character is facing
\i0 \ulnone . This is used for \'93Marker Compassing\'94, \'93Compassing Objects\'94 and \'93Reverse Compassing Objects\'94\

\b \
Mini Map Camera:
\b0  This is the camera which will be used to render the Mini Map. This camera must be set to orthographic to scale properly. The Radar Radius will be used to drive the size of this camera. In the demo prefabs there is a Raw Image object with a Render Texture applied, the camera is set to render to this texture. You can use layers to restrict which objects are rendered onto the Mini Map. In Styles 3 I have created a layer called \'93Mini Map Objects\'94 and the camera only renders objects in those layers.
\b \
\
Default Marker Image: 
\b0 Assign a UI Image Prefab to be used as the default marker. A fallback marker image has been provided in the Prefabs/Markers folder. This can be overridden on the Tracked Object script on a per object basis by assigning a new UI Image Prefab to the \'93Radar Marker Image\'94 field. This must be assigned or no markers will appear unless a marker is assigned on each Tracked Object Script.\

\b \
Radar Radius: 
\b0 The radius in unity units that tracked objects will be detected at.\

\b \
Marker Compassing:
\b0  If marker compassing is checked then the markers will rotate around the radar like a compass in relation to the direction the character is facing. Typically this should be 
\i \ul checked for third person style radars
\i0 \ulnone  and 
\i \ul unchecked for first person style radars
\i0 \ulnone .\

\b \
North Modifier: 
\b0 This is a modifier in degrees that allows you to change the direction of North. \

\b \
Compassing Objects: 
\b0 A list of objects that you want to 
\i \ul rotate to point North
\i0 \ulnone . Define the number of objects that you want and assign each GameObject to an element. This would typically be used for objects such as compass hands.\

\b \
Reverse Compassing Objects: 
\b0 A list of objects that you want to 
\i \ul rotate to point in the same direction that the player character is facing
\i0 \ulnone . This would typically be used for objects such as a players field of view in a first person style radar.\
\
\

\fs28 Binnacle Tracked Object Script:\

\fs24 \
The \'93BinnacleTrackedObjectScript.cs\'94 should be attached to any object which you wish to track.\
\

\b Radar Marker Image:
\b0  This can be used to 
\i \ul override the default marker image
\i0 \ulnone . This must be a prefab of a UI Image Object. You can find an example in Prefabs/Markers/myCustomMarker.\
\
\
Notes \
\
Thanks for downloading my asset pack, drop me some feedback on the asset store, or if you have any questions tweet me @landanlloyd on twitter.}